[DOCS] RHEL Security TMP override (#77285)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/install/rpm.asciidoc

include::skip-set-kernel-parameters.asciidoc[]

[[install-rhel-security]]

> ==== Override Red Hat TMP if Security Compliance

Reviewer: Should be something like the following? This feels convoluted.

```suggestion
==== Override Red Hat TMP if Security Compliant
```

If you are applying a security compliance in your RHEL installation 

> you must change the path of the TMP directory that will use elasticsearch as Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you must change the path of the TMP directory that Java and {es} will use.
```

> 1. Uncomment `-Djava.io.tmpdir=${ES_TMPDIR}` under `/etc/elasticsearch/jvm.options`

Reviewer 2: I think we shouldn't be telling users to edit `jvm.options`, they should be adding extra options files in `jvm.options.d`.

But then I think this isn't necessary anyway, we already copy `ES_TMPDIR` to `java.io.tmpdir` IIRC.

2. Add `ES_TMPDIR=/usr/share/elasticsearch/tmp` under `/etc/sysconfig/elasticsearch`

> 3. Create the /usr/share/elasticsearch/tmp directory and make sure that the owner and group are elasticsearch and the permissions are `0755`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create the `/usr/share/elasticsearch/tmp` directory and make sure that the owner and group are `elasticsearch` and the permissions are `0755`
```

> 4. Lastly make sure that `/dev/shm` doesn't have the noexec attribute with command: `mount | grep tmpfs | grep '/dev/shm'`

Reviewer 2: This is probably unacceptable to many users of locked-down systems. Instead we should set `TMPDIR` (eventually `LIBFFI_TMPDIR` to point to a location to which only the `elasticsearch` user has access.
